Trim customer_name before sending to Stripe (#4928)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

= 10.4.0 - xxxx-xx-xx =

> * Update - Trim the `customer_name` field value before sending it to Stripe when creating a payment intent

Reviewer: @wjrosa, I think it may be better to describe the outcome of the change rather than the technical fix.
```suggestion
* Update - Ensure the `customer_name` metadata sent to Stripe does not have leading or trailing spaces
```

Author: Agree
